First draft outline of new documentation for everything Signals in Dispatch (#3349)
Netflix/dispatch: docs/docs/administration/settings/signal/filter.mdx

# Filter

Signal Filters are used to define how Signals should be grouped together or when they should be snoozed.

## Snooze Filter

Snooze filters make use of entities extracted from Signals to define when a Signal should be snoozed.
For example, you can create a Snooze Filter that will snooze all incoming Signals that contain a specific JA3 hash.
You also have the option to create a Snooze Filter without specifiyng any entities, which will snooze all incoming Signals.

> This feature is useful when an influx of Signals is expected and you want to avoid being overwhelmed by them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This feature is useful when an influx of signals is expected for a given period of time (e.g. some known administration activities) and you want to temporarily stop cases from being created. Even when a signal is snoozed it will still be processed and associated entities will be created.
```

![](/img/admin-ui-signal-filter-snooze.png)

## Deduplication Filter

> Deduplication filters leverage Entity Types to deduplicate Signals over a period of time. When a Signal is deduplicated a new
> Case will not be created for it. Instead, the Signal will be added to the existing Case that was created for the earliest Signal
> within the deduplication window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to perform signal duplication, a duplication filter must be created. Deduplication filters leverage extracted signal entity types and a sliding time window in order to determine if a signal should be marked as a duplicate. If a match is found, the current signal is marked as duplicate and it is associated with the existing case.
```

:::info

> By default, all Signals are deduplicated over a one hour window unless a custom Deduplication Filter is defined.

Reviewer: Is this new? I thought by default we didn't attempt to duplicate at all unless a filter was defined?

:::

### Creating a Deduplication Filter

> To create a Deduplication Filter, you must first define the Entity Types that will be used to deduplicate Signals.

Reviewer: This feels more like a note:

> :::info
> Before creating a filter ensure that you have already defined the entity types your wish to duplicate on.
